shaders/glsl-idiv-const-opt: skip
shaders/glsl-mul-const: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imageatomicexchange: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/explicit-image-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/multiple-resident-images-reading: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-binding-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/explicit-texture-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bindless_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bound_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/basic-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/fixed-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/global-invocation-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id-2: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/mixed_fixed_variable_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/no_local_size_specified: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/2darray-basic: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-bulk-copy: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-values: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/generate-zero-primitives: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/sanity: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-non-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-bounds-and-sizes-check: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-vertex-index-oob: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-points: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings-ext-separate-shader-objects: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-user-defined-input-varying: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/varying-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/verticesin-const: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-of-arrays-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo-different-layouts: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-different-array-stride-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo-copy: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-of-arrays-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/location-0-crash: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/different-matrix-stride: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-ubos: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/arrays-of-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-mixing-with-normal-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-several-slots: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/embedded-structs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/index-matches-location: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/nonsequential-locations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple-without-names: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/two-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/va64-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-specializations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array_offset_per_member: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_double: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_lines: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple_multiple_samples: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_triangles: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_ifc: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-double-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-int64_t/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-uint64_t/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-int64_t-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-uint64_t-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec3: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t/3/2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-int64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-uint64_t: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-i64vec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-i64vec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-int64_t-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-u64vec2-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-u64vec3-float: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-uint64_t-float: crash
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot-if-else: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-builtin-variables: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-if: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-loop: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock2x32: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/gl45-imageatomicexchange-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec2-vec2: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec3-vec3: fail
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec4-vec4: fail
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: fail
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/simple-subroutine-dlist: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/tcs-tes-ff-frag: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/tes-clamp-vertex-color: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/tes-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/vs-tcs-tes-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/vs-tcs-tes-clip-vertex-enables: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/compatibility/vs-tcs-tes-gs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/fs-primitiveid-instanced: fail
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/gs-primitiveid-instanced: fail
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/tcs-tes-vertex-dlist: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/vs-tes-tessinner-tessouter-inputs-quads-dlist: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote_with_derivatives: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_image_load_formatted/execution/image_checkerboard: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/built-in-functions/fs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/built-in-functions/vs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-defined-test: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-if-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/matrix-out-of-bounds-access/fs-mat4-out-of-bounds-2: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/matrix-out-of-bounds-access/fs-mat4-out-of-bounds-4: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/matrix-out-of-bounds-access/fs-mat4-out-of-bounds-5: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/vector-out-of-bounds-access/fs-vec4-out-of-bounds-1: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/vector-out-of-bounds-access/fs-vec4-out-of-bounds-2: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/vector-out-of-bounds-access/fs-vec4-out-of-bounds-4: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/vector-out-of-bounds-access/fs-vec4-out-of-bounds-5: crash
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/vector-out-of-bounds-access/fs-vec4-out-of-bounds-6: crash
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-texturegrad-miplevels: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-texturelod-miplevels: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/fs-texturelod-miplevels-biased: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/vs-texturelod-miplevels: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/vs-texturelod-miplevels-biased: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-pow-float-float: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-const-accept: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-const-reject: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-enables: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-equal-to-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-homogeneity: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-lines: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-points: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-triangle-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-const-accept: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-const-reject: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-enables: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-equal-to-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-homogeneity: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-primitives-triangle-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-clamp-vertex-color: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-ff-frag: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-texcoord-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-texcoord-array-2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-ff-frag: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-texcoord-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-texcoord-array-2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: fail
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-double: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-double-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec2-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec3-float: crash
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-int-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec2-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec3-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec4-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec2-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec3-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec4-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec2-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec3-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec4-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cross-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-float-float-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-and-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-and-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-not-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-not-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-or-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-or-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-xor-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-xor-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatcentroid-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatoffset-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatsample-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/helper-invocation: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-negative-zero: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_linear_size: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_x: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_y: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_two_arrangements: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-isolines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-in-point-mode-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_non_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/linker/mismatched_viewport_relative: skip
spec/nv_viewport_swizzle/viewport_swizzle: skip
summary:
       name:  results
       ----  --------
       pass:    14047
       fail:      102
      crash:      178
       skip:     2041
    timeout:        0
       warn:        0
 incomplete:        0
 dmesg-warn:        0
 dmesg-fail:        0
    changes:        0
      fixes:        0
regressions:        0
      total:    16368
